(Announcer)
DISNEY'S 3-AND
4-NIGHT CRUISES TAKE YOU
TO THE BAHAMAS TO
DISCOVER NASSAU AND
DISNEY'S PRIVATE
ISLAND, CASTAWAY CAY.
PERFECT FOR
FIRST-TIME CRUISERS AND
FOR THOSE WHO'VE ALWAYS
LOVED TO SAIL, THESE
CRUISES ARE THE ULTIMATE
ESCAPE FOR A SPONTANEOUS
GETAWAY OR A LONG WEEKEND
FILLED WITH MAGIC AND
IMPECCABLE DISNEY SERVICE.
YOU'LL SET SAIL ABOARD
THE DISNEY WONDER FOR A
VOYAGE TO NASSAU - WHERE
ENDLESS TROPICAL DELIGHTS
WELCOME YOU WITH A UNIQUE
BRITISH COLONIAL CHARM.
SAMPLE THE WORLD-FAMOUS
DUTY-FREE SHOPS OF BAY STREET
AND SET OFF ON
EXCURSIONS OF EVERY KIND.
RELAX ON
SUN-DRENCHED BEACHES.
SPEND THE DAY SAILING.
DIVE TO EXPLORE THE
WORLD UNDER THE SEA.
SEE THE SIGHTS ON A
GLASS BOTTOM BOAT.
OR BOOK AN EXCURSION
TO THE AMAZING ATLANTIS
PARADISE ISLAND WHERE YOU
CAN TAKE A TOUR OF THE
WORLD'S LARGEST SALT
WATER AQUARIUM
AND TRY YOUR HAND AT THE
INCREDIBLE WORLD-FAMOUS CASINO.
WHAT'S NEXT?
ON A 4-NIGHT CRUISE, IT'S
AN INCREDIBLE DAY AT SEA
FILLED WITH ENCHANTMENT
FOR ALL AGES.
BUT FOR EVERY SAILING,
THERE'S EVEN MORE MAGIC
ON THE HORIZON AS WE
DOCK AT DISNEY'S PRIVATE
ISLAND, CASTAWAY CAY.
YOU CAN FIND OUT MORE
ABOUT CASTAWAY CAY
BY SELECTING THE SPECIAL
FEATURES MENU.
FOR DETAILS ON
OTHER DISNEY CRUISE ITINERARIES,
INCLUDING OUR LAND AND SEA
VACATION OPTION
THAT COMBINES A 3-
OR 4-NIGHT CRUISE
WITH A MAGICAL WALT DISNEY
WORLD STAY,
JUST SELECT SEVEN-NIGHT
VACATIONS FROM THE ITINERARIES
MENU.